README file for the package brev.cls.

brev.cls is a modified letter.cls which formats letters for use with
the window envelopes used for A4 format letters.  Folding lines for
fitting the letter in E65 or C5 envelopes are supplied.  It also has
options to create mailing labels, using 3x7 (letterpaper) or 3x8 (A4)
label sheets.

The class supports (and requires!) babel for the caption texts of
``Your ref.'' and ``Our ref.''.  Currently, english, norsk and nynorsk
are supplied.  Any contributions from other languages are welcome.

This directory contains three files:

brev.cls        The letter class itself
demo.tex        A TeX file demonstrating the different commands
                available for a letter, and where the different
                elements are placed.
demo.dvi        A DVI file showing it, as it appears on the author's
                system.

The class is basically used just like the standard letter.cls, but
have some extra features:

All of the elements in the header of the first page are placed within
separate minipage environments within a picture environment.  Because
of this, there is a large degree of freedom on what is really put
inside the various elements.  As an example, the \date{} and
\telephone{} commands could include small postscript files for company
logos, pictures of the sender and such.

The class adds two new commands for adding ``Our ref.'' and ``Your
ref.'' to letters.

This package has shamelessly stolen the mailing label definitions from
Sebastian Rahtz' labels package.  The original copyright is within the
redefinition of letter.cls' \startlabels at the end of this file.
Mr. Rahtz has not supplied an email address in his class file, and I
have therefore not asked for permission to do so.  If anybody could
direct me to his address, the help would very much be appreciated.

The author of this class can be contacted at asgeir@nilsen.as

The latest version of this class is available from
ftp://mercury.chembio.ntnu.no/pub/latex/

There is also a mailing list for this class for announcements and
discussions.  Contact brev-cls-list-request@mercury.chembio.ntnu.no and
write `subscribe' in the text of the message (sans quotes).

This class is Copyright © 1998-9 Asgeir Nilsen.  All rights reserved.

The class is distributed for free use and modifications by anyone,
private, educational or commercial.  Permission is granted for
modifications and reuse for any purpose, as long as the author is
informed of this.
